feat(eg): add new resource for dispatch event to channel (#7606)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/eg_event_batch_action.md

  type = list(object({
    id                = string
    source            = string
    spec_version      = string
    type              = string
    data_content_type = string
    data              = string
    time              = string
    subject           = string
  }))
}

resource "huaweicloud_eg_event_batch_action" "test" {
  channel_id = var.event_channel_id

  dynamic "events" {
    for_each = var.events

    content {
      id                = events.value.id
      source            = events.value.source
      spec_version      = events.value.spec_version
      type              = events.value.type
      data_content_type = events.value.data_content_type
      data              = events.value.data
      time              = events.value.time
      subject           = events.value.subject
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region where the event channel is located.  
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `channel_id` - (Required, String, NonUpdatable) Specifies the ID of the event channel.

> * `events` - (Optional, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of events to be published.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `events` - (Required, List, NonUpdatable) Specifies the list of events to be published.  
```
schema definition ditto

Author: done

  The [events](#eg_events_attr) structure is documented below.

<a name="eg_events_attr"></a>
The `events` block supports:

* `id` - (Required, String) Specifies the ID of the event.

* `source` - (Required, String) Specifies the name of the event source.  

>   [source reference](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-4.1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For the detail, please following [reference documentation](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-4.1)
```

Author: done
